[Music]
you dig identical twins the concordance
between them the likelihood that both of
them will share the same sexual
preference is not random it's much
higher than random chance
in fact it drops between identical twins
and fraternal twins and that itself
suggests that there is a powerful
influence of genetics on sexual
orientation
now when I say powerful it's important
remember that 100 percent the numbers
are on the order of 40 or 50 percent so
what that shows us is that multiple
genetic determinants multiple gene
variants above be responsible in part
for sexual orientation but those gene
and genetic determinants are not
sufficient to determine all of it
there's a role of my environment chance
that lies beyond it but there's no doubt
that there is a very strong biological
determination of sexual urges
you